foosley hello
hello it's working am i it might be
able to be heard hello yes it is working
wonderfully
this is very surreal already oh no
what is surreal about it wait what is
happening are you aware of something
oh no no it's because i i've seen a lot
of your uh
your episodes i watched them on youtube
who knows i told myself not to say that
and so i said that within the first
couple seconds
yeah so why would you tell yourself not
to say that though
because i don't want you to think that
i am expecting anything or
or have like a i don't know i guess it
just
it's like you go into a conversation
with somebody and you're like oh i
already know
everything about you not that i know
everything about you but like i
have seen like maybe i would say like 20
or 30 full episodes
so um it's like uh
i guess i just don't you know sometimes
you can just things are better left and
says you can let the conversation go
naturally
yeah so is the issue that you didn't
want me to think that you had
expectations or that you don't have
expectations
uh probably that i don't want you to
think
but you do have expectations oh um
no well i have like an idea of how it
might go because i've seen like you know
start to finish a lot
of them um but i'm willing for this to
go wherever so i didn't like you know
normally for something i would like
rehearse a bunch of things or like
um not like this is my first time
talking to any kind of therapist or any
like i've never talked so i i'm just
yeah i'm just interested to see where
this will go
but i didn't want this to be like oh i
know everything and i know you're going
to see this
and then we're going to do this at the
end oh no no no
someone has been doing replay analysis
and i'm at a disadvantage
oh no see that's what okay erase it all
okay chat she's figuring us out no i
haven't figured anything out i don't
know anything
it's okay you know yeah i think it's
totally fine um so
you know one of the things that we try
to do is like we bring things to the
surface and we become aware of them
so the fact that you have watched it i'm
really glad you told me we have talked
about it i'm aware of it
yeah totally fine so um but i am curious
where did you think this would go
i don't know like as in like me telling
you or like this
no no i mean the whole episode was there
something you wanted to talk about
no there's something i want to talk
about but it's not like um
i had this a whole like okay i'm going
to say this and you're going to say this
and i'm going to say this and then
you're going to say this and then we're
going to do the meditation thing and
then i'm going to go
yeah okay
great so yeah no i'm happy to for it to
go wherever
i feel like i'm like entering into a
game of starcraft where i'm thinking
about build orders and counters
yeah and i know i know every which way
this is gonna go
and i have an answer prepared prepare
for the sixth pool
if you know what that is but it's it's a
boomer term
it's a it's like so back in the
starcraft days
there was a race called zerg i guess the
zergs still exist
and and there was a super cheese strat
where you basically like don't build in
an economy
and you just like rush people with these
little things called zerglings and it
was like
people would rage a lot because it's
sort of like a low
it's a high risk high reward kind of
strategy and if you failed your sixth
pool you basically
lost the game i did that one time i
played starcraft for
like two days and then um my fiance was
helping me and he's like oh you just do
this strategy and he was like doing all
this stuff and then
i was like what are you doing and then
that was what it was i'm pretty sure he
was just
choosing them so i kind of know what
you're saying yeah cool
um so let's see if we can do better than
kind of for the rest of the conversation
okay so foosley um yeah this is a blast
i'm glad you you know yeah you mentioned
i just wanted to
but i would i'd feel like i was keeping
a secret if i didn't tell you that i had
watched 20 full episodes
okay probably more okay well that's
about
18 more than me so 18
more of i don't know yeah i don't watch
them
of your own oh yeah but you live them
yes yes that i i participate
um i find it very awkward to watch
myself i don't know if that's something
yeah i just can't i'm the same way i
can't watch myself i'm not well i would
never
like go stream myself and then come
like at the end of it go back and just
watch my whole stream but i do watch
funny clips of my own stream sometimes
if i'm like
what did people find funny and then i'm
like oh that was funny that was funny
something that strangely like disturbs
me is that my children have gotten used
to seeing
my face on the youtube recommended
algorithm
like at first they would comment on it
like they're like oh
that's daddy and then now it's just like
you know they just do they expect my
face to be on youtube which is strange
and do they watch like the okay
no they're three and five right
i was like i know i've seen them come in
and like
i can't imagine them like watching this
really relating at all or understanding
the the only thing so the only piece of
hg content that they really do love to
consume is someone made
like some kind of like song where they
did like they made like a techno song
out of like me doing teaching and
meditation
and the kids absolutely love it and i
can't stand it like when they're
listening to it
but they really love it oh they remixed
you yeah yeah they like remix yeah
that's the word that's the word
yeah so they're like reflections
yeah well uh yeah just listen to it
without me
at the very end instead of meditating
we'll play the song and i'll just step
out of the room and you can just
jam i doubt um so
yeah foosley you are a very um
charismatic person oh really
yeah thanks oh cool it's a lot of fun to
talk to you
oh it's only been five minutes or ten
minutes oh i have to say one thing
so i was very nervous to come on um
even like last night i was like i have
to sleep early because i already know
i'm not i'm gonna have trouble sleeping
because i'm fine to sleep normally right
but then
if i have anything big the next day
anytime i need to talk to anything any
interview any
call it's like i have to give myself a
two
extra two hours to fall asleep yeah or
i'll because i know that like i'll close
my eyes i'm like just fall asleep
just fall asleep just fall asleep and
then like my mind starts racing with
like things and then i like open my eyes
and i'm like wide awake
so i tried different positions and i'm
like just fall asleep just anyway so
that was me last night i finally fell
asleep at some point
and then so i woke up and i was like
very
ready if anything what i did is i got
ready too early i was sitting in my
chair at 9
20 a.m ready and i just time to sit now
10 20. okay oh sorry for pst yeah so
so an hour i was ready and i just sat
here and like
my nerves would go and i felt my heart
going
and then and then it hit 10. and then
i'm actually very happy that you were
like you know we were we started a
little later
five minutes later because it gave my
heart time to like
calm down and then get nervous again and
then calm down and then
so that's just my morning anyways i just
wanted to
is that what you wanted to talk about do
you want to talk about maybe sleep
anxiety and
no uh well no i normally i i don't have
sleep anxiety i think that's
one thing that's just something that i
don't me
i feel like it's not a big deal like i
don't have insomnia i sleep really well
um eight nine hours a day if anything um
i'd say the thing i want to talk about
um
is more age pressure okay and um
age pressure and then like under age
pressure i think that comes with like
job pressure
um marriage pressure like there's just
it's like because
age is a thing um and i'm always
thinking about what i need to be doing
what's my step in life
then that leads to like me having
pressure with my job and pressure with
my
engagement slash marriage um and
no like never i'm always overthinking so
i'm never sure like
what's the right step to take if there's
a right step to take
um why am i doing something that i'm
doing is it because i want to or because
society wants me to or because that's
what
my parents want me to do or my viewers
want me to do
that's like an added layer it's like
being a streamer and being very open
on the internet about my thoughts and my
personal life they a lot of people have
inputs
so now i'm like oh okay i want to do
this but they want this one you know so
then
i get confused about what i want to do
yeah
dude i am so excited about this
conversation because i think it's
something that
for i don't know why i guess we just
haven't had someone talk about this but
like
i think engagement pressure absolutely
yeah absolutely right it's nuts like
it's nuts
um you know and maybe i'll kind of teach
a little bit towards the end but there's
actually an
interesting psychologist this guy named
eric erickson
who basically said that all of our
psychiatric problems like depression and
anxiety and stuff
come from sort of we have this
trajectory in life where like at each
stage of life we have
a different goal from like a
developmental standpoint
and when we don't succeed at that stage
of life we kind of get stuck there
so like teenagers are all about
individuating
and like developing my own identity so
we see people like coloring their hair
and getting piercings and going goth and
like whatnot like they're trying to
figure out who they are
and if they don't do that stuff properly
like if they don't do it successfully
then they kind of get stuck
and then you'll sometimes have like you
know older people who are still trying
to figure out who they are
no harm to them it's just you know so we
kind of get stuck
and so then like you know as we get into
like our 50s and stuff you start to look
back on your life and you start to think
like
did i do enough what did i like do
enough in the world and like make my
contribution because like
now you're kind of past the halfway
point you know things are starting to
wind down you got that hip pain
and you're balding and you're a little
bit overweight and like
you're like you know did i spend my
youth in a productive way
and and so it's kind of interesting
because you know i really like to think
about things the way that eric erickson
does and he sort of says like you know
at this age
group this is the problem at this age
group this is the problem and then
depending on how you kind of mess up
there
you can end up with different issues
like
later on so i i really
actually love this topic it's something
that we haven't really explored if
you've watched a lot of our videos maybe
you'll know that
um so i i think it's really fantastic i
appreciate so much about your
thoughtfulness about what to talk about
so tell me what kind of pressure do you
feel
okay well so should i talk about just
age pressure in general or like
because a job pressure marriage like i
feel like they all go together but
they are all their own thing so yeah so
i mean the one that i feel is the
juiciest is the engagement pressure yeah
that's the one that i'm personally the
most curious about
um but you know we can talk about
i'm just curious about you know what
pressure do you feel like what
leaps to your mind when i say that okay
so
i think i i can start with age and then
like engagement
stems very quickly from that so like i'm
um and i guess you know
our my whole life i'm was told like
you have to get married by this age uh
for me
i thought i was gonna marry get 25
really uh and have kids by
actually thought i'd be married but 23
have kids by 26 i don't know my
my mind was always like in my 20s i'm
going to have a family 30s i'm going to
be like
super established job kids husband all
this right but my fiance is literally
33. so
it's like that's not that like it's so
anyways
um i guess i was oh sorry this is just
me talking with my hands
oh this is our age different this is our
age gap
okay but so okay okay okay keep going
so he's 33 i'm 28. um uh
i guess my whole life i always thought
right i would get
married 20 early 20s
kids right and then now i'm 28 so i
didn't fulfill any of that
and i feel this pressure i guess
not even it's not even my parents if
anything i've talked to my parents about
this and they're very understanding that
like i think my mom growing up has
always been like you
you should have you should get married
and have kids and all this but recently
i've told her a bit about the pressure
and just
a bit about how streaming has like come
in from like
left field and kind of taken like the
forefront of my life
and i can't just have kids right now
like it just feels weird to have a kid
all of a sudden or sorry get married
first of all
and then have kids um sorry my thoughts
are a bit
sporadic so yeah you will have to i'm
sorry i
just try to follow where they're going
so um
i guess i i can start with i got engaged
oh sorry i got
me and my boyfriend sorry this is weird
me and my
fiance started dating in 2016 when i was
and i was already like when i met him i
have a journal entry of me saying like
you know i met this guy and like i'm 23
so
dating isn't just like we're not just
like casual like this could turn into
something
like if i was 17 and i'm at the same guy
i'd be like i'm in a boy and like we're
you know boyfriend girlfriend who you
know wherever this goes right but
i'm 23 so in my mind it's like this
could turn into like my husband like i'm
not just dating for fun i'm dating
to like i'm dating at 23. so
so anyways that was my first i literally
wrote like on the first week like
what if i marry this guy question mark
question mark i mean who knows
anyway so fast forward four years
uh in 2019 or three years he
proposed to me on stream so we were
streaming
and yeah so that's the thing is like he
he was he just finished like breaking
this world record of like
most hours streamed on twitch in a month
in a 30-day period right
and on the last day of it like at the
very end he like pulls out this chipotle
bag
and he like pulls out this ring and and
then he proposed to me
and i was like whoa like yeah okay
let's get married you know and this this
clip
like went very pop it was very viral on
the internet and like i had my cousins
and random people from high school like
i saw you on
reddit oh my gosh you got engaged my
cousin was mad at me because she found
out through the internet
all this stuff so then i was like okay
wow like this kind of reached a lot of
people anyways so
now uh now fast forward
okay so then we're gonna get married and
that was in 2019.
kovid happens right and now
it's like all this stuff don't know when
to do the wedding we had a wedding date
and then we did it and then we well we
still have it but we're like
we told our wedding planner to cancel it
because we are
basically i just feel very a lot of
pressure because i don't know
uh if i'm getting married like because
of the viewers
because of my parents because i want to
um all this stuff my sometimes i have
this urge to run to the courthouse
with edison and get married on the same
day and then some days i want to plan
this like big elaborate wedding
and i don't know does this make sense
the only thing that doesn't make sense
is the chipotle bag
that's the only thing that i'm
everything else is crystal clear
okay okay the chipotle bag is just he
was trying to
like like uh hide the ring and he's like
i got you a surprise and i was like
chipotle
but it was a wedding ring got it i was
like is that some weird product
placement or like what
what exactly like not yet chipotle
where weddings happen
you know it's like they're they're
fighting with de beers like a diamond is
forever but a
burrito is for today they have to they
will cut cater my wedding
that's a great idea not you've given me
yeah so
sorry yeah uh foosley i'm i'm yeah so
let me let me tell you what i'm hearing
and then you tell me if you're making
sense okay yes
so so like i'm hearing that you kind of
had this script
in your mind about how life is supposed
to go
and yeah oddly enough you're sort of
following the script
but what i'm hearing is that you're
actually like genuinely like i don't
you know it sounds to me like you're
genuinely in love with edison is his
name
yeah okay um so you're
in love with like you met him at 23
which is when you're supposed to meet
your husband and it turns out that you
kind of probably met your husband there
yeah and but i'm also hearing that
there's a lot of like genuineness
so you were supposed to follow the
script but it turns out that there's
actually like a lot of genuineness
to this relationship and that you
actually do want to get married and now
sort of feels like the right time
so so you may have kind of followed the
script or were aware of the script but
that you're actually sort of living your
own life
and and now you're it's kind of like
where you know what is my life
and what is like the script and should
my life be based on the script like
is it actually better you know because
the script is based on something right
yeah and and you know so i'm i'm hearing
you kind of trying to figure out like
you know what should you do yes
yes yes that's it's very spot on
yeah so what what do i do
well i i mean you know i gotta say i i
think you gotta marry edison
no yeah yeah that's the steps but how
but
because i i don't know um i don't know
many people who propose with the
chipotle bag
i know yeah
but so so let me ask you um
can i think for a second yes yes yes
so let me just kind of map out a couple
of other things you said you said like
job pressure
parental pressure but i'm sort of
hearing that the parents actually aren't
pressuring you much
yeah so really quick it's like my
parents
are great like my i always
uh like i was a good student my whole
life
and it was never because my parents were
like you don't get an a
bad you know spank like it was me doing
that to myself
so my mom if anything like i guess they
wanted me to do well and they're very
like they've been proud of me
but my mom and dad have never like been
mad at me for not doing well
if anything maybe a little when i was
younger um i went to a private school
initially and then i couldn't handle the
pressure but i got really bad grades
there
and then when i moved to public school i
think
everything ingrained in me from private
school like i was like
i became very like on top of everything
very like musket a's musket
bees pluses like it must do well um
or else you know i'm gonna be mad at
myself so my mom if anything said leslie
don't be so hard on yourself like you
did well like you did well on this
test i'm like i didn't set the curve on
this exam though like i
i only got an a like i wanted to be like
top three
four in my in my college class like i
i would be upset over that and then my
mom's just like
like or my parents in general just be
like you don't need to
you're doing fine like if anything like
you work too hard so that's been my
even in college i was like that so in in
um
in in streaming i'm also my mom is just
constantly reminding me to
breathe to stop stressing to stop
working so hard
she's like leslie like slow down like
you don't need to do
if anything she thinks streaming's bad
for my health because she's like you
need to just step back and like it's
it's too much happening in your life too
quickly like you're you're running life
on like stop like fast forward like
you're too many events or you're
traveling like when when i could travel
you were
i was traveling like five six maybe more
six seven times a year
events and like you know very high like
very stimulating events
meeting a lot of people and you know
when i
yeah i guess it just felt like i would
do what
um most people would do like event wise
like
in ten years in like two years you know
just like why do you feel like you have
to run
life on fast forward i don't well
um i don't feel like i have to but i
feel like that's just the pace of
streaming and like this
whole industry it's like conventions and
and then
okay it feels like i work like a ton
i gotta stream a bunch and then to take
you have to like take an extreme break
to make up for the extreme work like um
this is like before when i could
so so pre-covered it'd be like i'd
stream like an intense amount and then
i would go to like korea for like
a week and then like instead of i feel
like taking weekends because i didn't
have weekends the way i'd look at it is
like
stream and then like vacation and then
stream
vacation instead of like work weekend
work week and work week you know
i'd do it like like weekends would be my
vacations and i would treat them less
frequently
yeah yeah what what made you
do it that way this industry is like
very like
you know like you i guess it'd be very
like
there'd be conventions right i wouldn't
want to miss conventions because that's
when i get to meet up with like people
like uh you know i have friends from
different parts of the world and i never
would get to meet them and then they're
like hey are you going to pax east or
are you going to twitchcon are you going
to
this event and that'd be my time to like
meet up with people
so i felt like kind of like i have to go
i have to travel to go meet my friends
that from you know different places and
and to just make memories with my
current friends because we're all just
in our room playing games all day or
streaming all day so i felt like that
this is the time so it's not that i want
to live life on fast forward
it's that that's just kind of like it's
very easy to to
just just start doing that um very
exciting a lot of things are happening
and it was great it's just sometimes i
do feel like i need to slow down
um sure so so i think in order to if you
think you need to slow down in order to
slow down you have to figure out first
why you're running it fast forward
right and what i'm hearing you say so
i'm just going to point out some stuff
in your language so when i ask you you
know why do you feel like you have to
run life on fast forward and then you
say i don't feel like i have to run
on my life on password it's the industry
sure right and then as we dig into that
we begin to see that like
you start to act because you make it
sound like an external force
pressure so pressure is an external
force coming from the outside
age pressure like every year you look at
your driver's license and you look at
the calendar and it's like there's this
external pressure like the calendar is
like
have children right like it's like a
pressure
and then like there's job pressure
there's industry pressure but but this
is what i think a really key thing is
that as we tunnel down into it
there isn't actually industry pressure
i know it sounds weird but when you get
a phone call
something happens in your mind and then
you
feel the pressure like your friends are
just asking you if you're going to be at
an event
and you could say no
but you won't let yourself say no
right and yeah that's it like it's not
like they're like
foosley you have to come otherwise i
will never speak to you again like
that's
no they say it oh they do oh god joking
jokingly
yeah no it's more like but i'll never
see you i'll never have the opportunity
to see you like
yeah yeah okay okay okay okay so that's
actually a very important detail right
because
it you know it it sounds like actually
that is external pressure
i mean it's like joking and then i know
they're not actually going to be mad at
me
it's more of like this is our one
opportunity to meet like in this you
know in the past it's been like
uh that's true you know we've been
friends online for six months a year
it'd be really cool to meet this person
you know
i guess it's the pressure of like you
don't want to miss out on
meeting people and you know in my mind
it's like life is about
making these personal connections and
then like i never regret having a really
nice talk with somebody
like you know in general and so it feels
really like
yeah it'd be worth it to fly to berlin
to like talk to this person that i've
known
and we can just have a good talk off
stream and and and i'll feel very like
fulfilled and happy by that
but then now i'm hearing now i'm hearing
a couple of other themes one is missing
out
right that you have this opportunity and
you should take care of you should take
advantage of this opportunity
while it's there and that also that like
the sacrifice is
worth it i'm hearing that living life on
fast forward is worth it
because you get to live more life in a
shorter amount of time
yeah yeah is that how it feels
yeah some some not because like it feels
like i'm only comes back to age pressure
i'm only in my 20s
once i'm at like it feels like my
i mean i'm past my physical prime
definitely been struggling but
i'm kind of you know this is what is
that hold on what i'm having some
shoulde you know some arm pain some some
pain you know that i wouldn't have when
i was 17.
so i'm a little bit like you know
getting you're saying 28 is past your
physical
i feel like i would you know like you
would like
i get up in the morning and go and i'm
like oh
that's how it feels now but when i was
17 i would just go whoa
and then jump out of bed and like
[Laughter]
so now i feel um a bit
i mean definitely a little bit more
right so anyways my brain's like
leslie you're in your 20s you're going
to be in your 30s soon you're about to
hit the big 3-0
and in my mind 30 is like have your life
together married kids you know so my
brain is
like there's not much time even though
i've seen other people on the other side
of 30 and they're not doing that and
they're fine and i don't look at them
any less for not doing like
it's all on like it's me putting my own
like
views of like my past self like being
like when you're 30 you're going to do
all these things and have this and so
where does that come from
i don't know just you know i guess
growing up you just hear it
it's like you know you you have to like
that just
i guess can you tell me about private
school
sure okay so i went to private school
until sixth grade sixth grade
and let me think uh i think i had new
uniforms i it was a primarily
there it was mostly asians at my school
it was um a lot of competition
i felt like there's very every everyone
was very
uh like very strict i got yelled at a
lot i was the
out the kid out of line all the time
um and um
i rebelled a lot in private school i
hung out with the
kids that were not as smart like i was
not i was one of the kids getting c's
all the time
in private school i hung out with like a
group of three girls who we're all kind
of trouble
back then we like gossip a lot
talk about boys a lot right on our
zangas
you know just a lot it was just i would
rebel against
the teachers i always thought the
teachers had something against me
um i i did like a few of my teachers but
a few of them i was like
i would put the toilet paper in soap and
i'd throw it at the ceilings and then
they'd stick to the ceilings i got in
trouble a lot for that
um what's your understanding of why you
did that
um i didn't like the teachers
so one of them i sort of knew i would
get in trouble but i did it anyway
oh i did bad stuff i stuck stepped on
some bees and i would like put the bees
in bags and then put those
in lockers of girls i didn't like i was
a really bad kid back in the day i don't
know where it stemmed from but i think
it came from
um i was
upset at like girl other girls for being
mean
i was mean to other girls uh i was
i don't know i was just rebelling a lot
and
it was just like i guess i hung around
also like some kids who like
encouraged that and so i you know i fed
into it as well like we both we
it was like you you know you find
someone you kind of both just like yeah
let's do this and
you do and then you just enable each
other sure
what did your parents think about you
know getting in trouble and the seas and
whatnot
they pulled me out of private school i
would complain i think that was it
i wanted to be out of private school so
badly there was this thing called
recitation on fridays we'd have to go in
front of the class every friday and
recite this
poem and every week it was it gave me so
much anxiety every week
i just wanted and i said public school
mom they don't have recitation
they don't have to do this and i'd
always complain about private school
private so i don't want to be here
until i think i i guess i just made so
much trouble
that my mom's like yeah let's you don't
need to go to private school
i think maybe that was a bit of it is i
really just didn't like it
i i think i just didn't like it
what didn't you like about recitation
what would it feel like the night before
what were thursday nights like for you
dress it was like every thursday night
was like this
this past night the sleeping thing i i'm
terrified i just like would be like
tomorrow i'm gonna get up in front of
the class i'm gonna pull the stick out
see that i have to go sixth or whatever
and then my heart's gonna be racing for
the entire person in front of me and
then i'm gonna go up and i'm gonna
mess up all my lines and i'm just gonna
like be
staring out of the class and everyone's
gonna be judging me waiting for me to
mess up
and then i'm going to mess up and i'm
going to stand there embarrass myself oh
and i have to do it and then i finish it
get it over with
get like my b or whatever and then go
through it and then like
it's like a cool down and then i have to
do it all over again every friday
and it was just the worst i remember
just i hated that
and so did you ever think about did you
ever fantasize about
what you could do that would prevent
that horrible future
like as in like people prepared or
yeah so it's kind of like a leading
question i'm really sniffing for
something and i
i think i'm actually not gonna find
anything but seems good on paper
um so like i'm just kind of envisioning
you know
what must have been in your head about
if you were a different person
or if you did things differently because
like usually when
like did you have those kinds of
thoughts like if i was
yeah i mean yeah the way i thought about
it is like i wish i would
i i could be more like this student or
this year like there was a
kid named ayush in my class who was just
the best at it
i remember he'd get up there and he'd
like commit
yeah i know and it was just like he just
killed it every week and he
i was just like how he closed his eyes
he used his hands
and he would just give it his all every
week and he would
everyone would be like wow and i was
just like
i can't do that why can't i be like him
and that was the one thing maybe i would
think i'd fantasize a world where i
could probably be
better at speaking or more charismatic
like he could be yeah but instead i just
get up there and go
like like and i just stuttered my way
all the way through it and
i would and i had a horrible fear of
public speaking all the way i always
talk about it like all the way up
to even until streaming i i can't i
public speaking is just the worst and um
and so that that i guess that was it
what did you think was different about
ayush versus you
he didn't care what other people thought
he was just like
or maybe he did but he he didn't show it
he
wasn't afraid to be dramatic and like
it felt like he was that was his happy
place like he was like i'm here to
perform this is my moment
versus me i'm like dreading this moment
like oh god everyone's gonna think i'm
weird and if i try to commit like him
they're gonna be like
like why is she doing that even why is
she trying so hard you know
so if anything i just wanted to
disappear i just wanted to say it get it
over with and
everyone forget about it be the complete
just be completely average up there and
be
not memorable in any way um and yeah he
i knew he just went up there and he he
like
yeah he felt it felt like if anything he
was excited to go up
every week
do you think yeah do you think ayush was
living his life on fast forward
probably not if i had to guess yeah is
that
is that how you saw it i didn't think
about fast forward
back then because life felt so so so in
the moment
and slower back then like i was just
living every moment back then as like
this is forever
because when you're a kid like that's
that that's how it feels
yep yeah yeah so i'm gonna need
so maybe i'm barking up the wrong tree
here foosley so this is gonna be really
for you to decide but like here's what
i'm noticing so what you are is kind of
ultra conformist
in your head yeah right like
there is a there is a path to success
and we have to follow it
and then like you get really bent out of
shape
if you are like not ultra conforming
like
23 26 marriage gotta do this and there's
a very like there's a very like
reasonable part of you that's sort of
like i can't really get married because
of covid
i'm not really ready to have kids i'm in
a happy relationship i enjoy my career
my life is pretty good i'm actually
happy on a daily basis but
inside is like a nun who's like
foosley this is the way of doing things
and
and so then the really interesting thing
is to hear you talk about private school
it's like
actually the voice in your head seems to
be the very opposite of what you have
now
like you used to be a rebel you used to
be like no f in rules like
f you guys like toilet paper on the
ceiling like bees in the lockers
like you know screw age like
you know like yeah it's interesting
because i
and and so i'm just wondering when i see
such a drastic shift in someone's like
internal dialogue i sometimes wonder if
those are like
connected um and i wonder if sort of
like you sort
you know your road out of private school
was that
you became exactly what you wanted to be
and now you're the person like you used
to be one thing in private school
and then you realize like this is not
working
i have to turn myself into something
that is not the rebel
and then like you became this ultra
conformist and now like what i'm hearing
is that you know your parents didn't
make you the ultra conformist
it's like age who made you the ultra
conformist because ayush was like
i'm gonna i'm gonna show you how it's
done and you have to like take every
opportunity and
every friday is like a chance for life
in joy
and passion and then you get this phone
call from your twitch friends and
they're like do you want to do this and
you're like
what would a you should do is what you
some part of your mind is telling you
you're like
ash would not skip it aish doesn't
[ __ ] take weekends
i can't believe we're talking this is so
funny um
yeah i mean i uh
but i could be barking up the wrong tree
there you know sometimes i work myself
up
yeah no no i i feel that like i
i don't in my mind i wasn't asking about
ayush i don't think i
really thought back to that until like
but yeah people like him
i was i was jealous because they they
felt i'm jealous of people who are able
to like
pause you know and live life in the
moment
and i feel like i'm always like leslie
take this opportunity take this
opportunity yes say yes say yes so that
later you can relax but why
later why not now why can't i just you
know
yeah yeah but so it's there's a very
interesting conundrum there because
you're not actually talking about living
in the moment
right because if you were really gonna
live in the moment you would pass on the
opportunity
yeah so like what you envy
it and so it's let me just sit
does that make sense uh i think so yeah
i feel like there is a more profound or
clear way that i can explain this
but because
it's interesting because you talk about
living in the present and living in the
moment
but then the other thing that i kind of
want to point out is that like
you were stuck in the present when you
were in private school
yes and you hated it yes
and now you you have this idea of what
it is to
live in the present but there's another
part of your mind that's like f that
we want to live we don't want to like
pause the video
we're gonna fast forward fast forward
fast forward the video
right yes well i don't want i don't
choose to fast forward
sure i can't control the speed at which
life is going like when i was
a kid all i wanted to do was be older i
was like i remember being 12 or like 11
i was i went to the store and i sat in
the this chair that's supposed to you
know it's like a massage chair
i sat in it and they're like i'm sorry
you can't like how old are you and i was
like 11 and they're like you can't sit
in that chair it's going to mess up your
bones or whatever and i was like
are you serious why are you like that
shoulder problem that's the chair
so it's they wouldn't like i was so mad
i was like oh i just want to be 18. like
that's all i want to be
18. and then like when i was 18 oh i
want to be 21 like i just want to be
able to drink
i want to be 21. 21 like then i'm like
wait slow down slow down
yeah what age do you want to be now
22. 22 or 23 forever
yeah 21 i feel like is a bit young so 23
because
now i'm like approaching the age well
actually 25 is good too
i like i feel like now i'm like i don't
want to be
30 because it's forward because then i'm
just gonna get old
and irrelevant and ugly
i feel like i'm just gonna it feels like
when i was 23 i thought that of 28
i'm gonna be honest i thought wow leslie
have five years left in your career when
you're 28
it's over it's done no one's gonna
relate to you
no one's gonna watch you you're 20
you're gonna be 28.
you're gonna be married and you're
probably gonna be having kids in the
next year so
that was 28 for me and so it is somewhat
relieving to be 28 now
and think that way about 32 but then i
know 32 is gonna happen
well i think that way about 38 when
around 38
lefty 42 142 would that be 48 you know
and so i guess um
yeah i guess i just i'm scared of
the future i i guess it feels like
time's running out especially when my
career is like you know it started when
i was 23 and it feels like you know i'm
in front of a camera i'm on twitch
it's a job that doesn't have like this
obvious next path
as well so it feels like i have to make
the most of
what i have now like this is my career
i'm probably just gonna try to do this
for 10 years and then like it's over
like something's gonna happen and people
are gonna be like oh she is old
okay i can't watch her anymore like i
just think that p i have this fear that
people are gonna just
click to just that i'm old and they
shouldn't watch me because
i don't they don't relate to me or that
it's just that i'm just
old now and it's like ew i'm gonna be
watching like my mom
you know so something like that so
foosley thanks a lot for sharing all
that i i think i'm hearing a very very
common thread here which is that
you're never happy with where you are
right it's like you either want to be
older or you want to be younger like
your mind is like retreating
it in whatever way it can except like
nowhere but the present
yeah like like present is unacceptable
sorry anywhere but the present
yes and and so it's like you know when
you were young you were thinking about
the future now that you're
old you're thinking about the past and
you're like 23 to 25
maybe there's a little bit of erickson
here where you you will feel ready to be
older than 23
once you get married because that's the
milestone that you associate with 23 so
maybe there's something there
but really what i'm hearing is that you
detest and by you i mean a part of you
because this is a weird confusing thing
about our mind as we think about our
mind as monolithic but it's not like one
way right but like what i'm hearing is
that you never wanted to be where you
are
like age-wise in general
but yeah age-wise sure yeah well i can't
say
i don't like i think i'm very i am very
happy with where i am
like like i'm very i mean there's parts
of me that are
yeah struggling but like overall i think
i am but yeah
so so so just to quickly explain kind of
how that works if you've heard me talk
to
talk about some scars you know it's like
that part of you that is unhappy with
where you are
is something you carry with you and
sometimes gets activated
like if i have a phobia of snakes
that phobia of snakes is something i
carry with me and i can be like happy
and then then i see a snake and then the
phobia arises
so you're like happy in the day to day
but you carry this thing with you that
like
sand in the hourglass is running out i'm
too old i'm not 23 i was supposed to get
married i was supposed to have kids
you know i'm not even gonna like touch
this we're
i don't know if you recognize this but
we're you know we're circling around
potentially like talking about being too
old to have kids
and that thing right so that i'm just
steering clear
of that one unless you want to talk
about it but
i mean in my mind it's just certain that
i will have kids
when i'm like 32. if i'm feel about that
i'm just preparing i'm like okay my my
basically my mind like maybe 33
or 34. but like i know that i want to
have kids
i know that i don't really have a choice
to have kids but after i'm 40
so i have to like i can choose to get
married like married is like
you know i have to you know it's not
like a biological thing but if i'm
having kids at 45 like you know i take a
risk
my kids so i i am like yeah i have to if
i want to have kids then i gotta do that
when i'm in my 30s so in my mind it's
since it's a set decision
almost i feel less anxiety about it and
kids are cute so i've started to get
more excited i see kids i'm like
and anderson's like oh i'm kind of
looking forward to it and i have a cat i
don't know where he is but
caring for him makes me feel like this
love so
i want that yeah yeah
so it actually sounds like you're pretty
good around the kids thing yeah i don't
feel too much anxiety about it because i
want to have kids yeah
yeah sometimes when people are very like
sensitive about their age
they also like there's a like for women
there's a lot of pressure to have kids
at a certain time and
and you know things like that but i'm
actually not hearing that from you right
so it sounds like you're
okay having kids at 32. i feel like
maybe because it's also kind of far
like it's like well it's like full
that's actually not that far
five because it could be from 32 to like
my mom had me when she was 38.
so because i feel like that's some ways
away
um i think if it was like uh
you know i was married and then we're
like me and edison are sitting down
all right you wanna have kids you know
that maybe might
start to freak me out a bit because
that's a huge like life
change but because it's still somewhat
distant
um i don't feel it entirely but as i'm
having this conversation you know i am
thinking a little bit yeah it does give
me a little bit of work it does worry me
a little bit
because i'm not sure how much that would
change my life and also edison we've had
the talk about it and he's like
if you want kids we have kids if you
want one kid we have one kid if you have
two you have two if you don't want
you what we don't have kids he says like
your body you know
like i don't have to go through it so
i'm not gonna make you have kids
so him saying that gives me like
makes me feel so free like there's this
option in where i don't have kids maybe
so i think that that also is like
yes yeah that that was instantly like a
so much relief like oh like i don't have
to have kids
so maybe there's a small part of me that
isn't sure i'm gonna have
no i'm pretty sure but like maybe a ten
five percent chance that like
if i randomly decide not to that i don't
have someone
pressuring me as well and my parents
also don't always
don't pressure me about it at all they
don't i think that obviously they want
to
but they don't say anything about it so
i don't have like this yapping voice
like kids kids kids kids kids grandkids
you know so it's
it feels kind of it sounds like you have
that voice in your head sometimes
it's my own voice yeah i was gonna say i
i think you're you know your parents
learned that that you're
you know you have your own yapping voice
they don't want to add another yapping
voice yeah
yeah and and so is there like a type of
pressure that we sort of haven't touched
on i mean do you feel like we've covered
age pressure or drop yeah i yeah i think
you really hit the nail on the head with
um
like i'm just never happy like
like uh like when i was a kid i wanted
to be older
when i'm older like i wanted to be
younger and when i was
the age i wanted to be time just went
like that
so it just feels like also on twitch
it's very like you know the boomer
zoomer
jokes like they're everywhere every even
so one of my friends brought up like
yesterday or two days ago why are we
always talking about age like
i feel like it comes up in every
conversation and i'm like it's because
like you say something like you're such
a boomer and then you're like i'm not a
boomer
i'm gonna justify why you're not old or
it's like i try to say something young
and hip but they're like
leslie stop it you're talking like the
you know gen z and like the zoomers and
it's all about like
age these days like how old you are what
jokes you can say or can't say
or like if you get something or don't oh
you're so boomer you're too much of a
zoomer to understand like it's very
the culture especially i think in gaming
and streaming it's very prevalent social
media
so my age comes up a lot in terms of
at least in my own head i don't even
always say like oh i'm 28 you know
i just i just hear it a lot and so it
makes me think a lot about how old i
am um and it does it's not like a big
issue
in my mind it's just like a voice like
you said or something i'm always like
thinking it's always in the back of my
head
that of things i should be doing or or
like am i too old to do this or
um so it's nothing like crazy
it's just like i think that that's just
a general thing i'm carrying with me
and it's of the yapping voice i mean i
want to just
learn how to like slow down
and like actually just you know not like
live
like when i was a kid yeah but you don't
want to live when you were like a kid in
fact i think the reason you're in this
trouble is because you're trying to get
away from the way you were living as a
kid
yeah so like live like the times
the top how slow it is outside it just
felt like
yeah how did it feel outside of school
it was good it was great like um
i would go to my cousin's house every
day after school and we'd rollerblade
around the streets have knee pads and
fall down
and um
[Music]
yeah it was it was good so
yeah do you so what part of you makes
you think you're living too fast
um living too fast uh
time birthdays are happening so quickly
every day is the same i'm like living in
a it feels like a
like a wake up do the same thing every
day and i know that when i do the same
thing every day
it just all blurs together like one big
year just went by like what did i do i
woke up
every day streamed played games went to
sleep some days i remember that one day
that i left the house with edison and we
went on a cute date
um but usually it's very routine and
routine tense like when i'm a kid
um you know i've only lived so long so
every day is like a new memory right and
so it feels like
um time is slower because
that's like every day is like it's like
a
bigger a fraction of my life like it
takes up
you know like but now every day is like
less of that so i think that
i have so many memories that are like so
it feels like time is just racing
um but yeah i noticed like wow i'm
always saying oh my gosh march went by
2020 just happened like that
um everything is just going by so
quickly
um and i think that that
yeah that that and also i used to break
things up a bit more i
would travel right and stuff and that
would weirdly it would be by having all
these things it would
slow me down in a way or at least make
the year very memorable for me
like oh i remember i went to here and
then i went to this and then i traveled
there lucy can i ask you to just pause
for a second
yeah i want to just try to because i
think you're sharing a lot of really
important stuff i just want to be able
to process it before you keep going
go ahead
i'm going to need like a long second
okay take your time
can you tell me about transitioning to
public school and how that was different
for you
yeah um so i i really wanted to get out
of public school because
because i was so rebellious and stuff i
also caused a lot of
drama with my friends and so when i left
i remember
being very dramatic about it and like i
didn't say bye to anybody
and people were like leslie it really
hurt this guy
who liked you that you didn't say bye or
you're like i remember just drama like
on the last day and i was
so happy to get out of there and it was
a new start so i went to public school
and then
uh it was different because i kind of
came from being like a cool kid in
public school to a private
school to a complete like nobody
like new kid at a public school where
everybody already knew each other
because i joined in seventh grade and
everyone had already
been together since sixth grade so
things were established and i remember
walking around like i didn't know
anybody and i would like my mom signed
me up for choir so i immediately joined
choir and i found like a home
in choir luckily and i found like a
really close knit of like
a group of three friends i think we met
in like my history core class
or something but i found a nice knit of
friends but i was
um and i hung out with my cousin who i
rollerbladed a lot with
she was also like my best friend so we
went to school together and
luckily we had each other so that was
that um
i also shot up my grades i was instantly
like an a student
because like uh because i came from like
redoing like i took geometry or like
classes that i was basically redoing a
year because i was going faster at
private so i already know that stuff so
i immediately became a really good
student so that was nice i started
writing for the school newspaper
um how did you feel about yourself
great i was like wow i'm actually smart
like it felt weird to go from being
the dc student like okay i'm just the
stupidest kid at my school
to i'm passing this class and like
helping other kids like learn how to do
stuff and i'm like hey like you need
help i like i
i did the stuff last year so immediately
um and i would like kind of gravitate
towards smarter students too
what happened with the toilet paper in
the soap
what about it did you continue doing it
no
no way i felt uh at
it in sixth grade or fifth grade i felt
like
everyone knew me to be rebellious i
would
go out of my way to make trouble because
that was my reputation as well and also
it felt good to be rebellious and to say
yeah
um oh um
it felt good to well
i don't know i felt it felt like i
was pissing off the people that like
were mean to me like my teachers
i was like why are you so mean and like
why do you get me in trouble all the
time or call me out all the time
so to do that felt like yeah i did that
and i don't care um and i guess i just
that was my attitude it's really bad and
so i got really bad remarks on my
report card all the time i remember just
like out of line talks too much
causes troubles you know all this i was
like yeah
and what what happened when you i i sort
of jumped in a couple of times so what
happened when you
so you were doing better in school the
rebelliousness
went away do you have a sense of why
well at a new school i'm i've gone to
this private school since i was like a
child like i literally like first grade
second all the way
um um i do remember one year sorry
i went to fourth grade i switched
schools because my mom switched work so
i moved to
the same private school just a different
branch of it in fourth grade
and i have an incident of i don't know
why
it happened but like or like i can't
really but maybe this will
but basically my teacher asked me like
what
or i had a best friend named danielle
and her mom like worked she had really
her mom had a really cool job
and my teacher and she asked me like
what my mom
did and i would tell all my friends i
lied and i said
my mom works at the monterey bay
aquarium i don't know why i just thought
it was the coolest job ever and my mom
was an accountant
which i think is great now but back then
i was like my mom's gonna count it
that's so boring
so my friends moms were like i felt like
they were like oh really cool i don't
know so
they're like your mom works at the
aquarium and i was like
yep so so anyways
my everyone started talking about my mom
who works at the monterey bay crime how
cool is that anyway so then
my teacher like one time walked me to my
car
my mom was there to pick me up and he's
like oh i'm gonna come with you to talk
to your mom about her job and i was like
you do not need to do that
and he's like no no hey mrs foo i heard
you work at the monterey bay aquarium my
mom's like
no i'm gonna count
oh gosh i was so embarrassed i was like
yeah i lied
i don't know why i lied but that i don't
know that was like
this one side year i like lied a bunch i
i don't know i just felt this need to be
cooler than i was
um or and that was this one year where i
came from
the rebel rebellious school went to here
and then
and after that year i went back to that
same school and then i started doing all
the shenanigans again
um but i don't know there's just a side
tangent and then
yeah um lovely story that's just
embarrassing i still sound
sounds mortifying it was awful but i
brought it upon myself
so um so then uh yeah so
switching to the new school like i think
i'm not just gonna go to a new school
with a brand new like no reputation
right and then just start causing
trouble
i'm just like this is my chance to have
a new to turn over a new leaf and to
make a good reputation and
so i think the first thing that gave me
an identity was i was having a really
easy time in school
and so i started to make friends with
all the other smarter kids so i started
hanging out with smart
smart kids and i'm like wow you guys are
really smart so we're also
all kind of smart and so we all just you
know we'd work on school and we'd have
we'd talk about things but we weren't
like the cool kids or anything kind of
hang out and eat in the classroom and
stuff
um but that was fine and it was
definitely different
um and it's not like i was like goody
two shoes i was always talkative
and we get in trouble in almost all my
classes like i just talk a lot so in
high school i remember
my i would yap all the time my teacher
would spray water at me sometimes
because
i was talking so much and then so that
was all the way until like senior year
of high school
so i was never like shy or anything or
just like
good eating when they sprayed water at
you what do you imagine your teacher was
feeling in that moment
angry that i'm not paying attention
disrespecting her like just having side
conversations while she's like
trying to talk to the class so let me
ask you something this is once again
loaded question i love this hypothesis
may not be
so did you when you moved schools did
you become age
no i couldn't achieve him what ayush was
i've never been able to be asus
i've like i've never gotten to that
point he's he achieved
that by fourth grade boy do you try
yeah i'm i still am envious of there's
and i see in people on twitch as well
it's like their ability to
to just immerse themselves and
live in the moment i see it in the way
they are and just the ability to like
not care i have like this thing holding
me back that's like
that's like don't do that or else like
you're gonna embarrass yourself so just
it you know it's always this thing
i'm afraid of failure so i don't let
myself try those things but ayush
if he was committed right and then he
stumbled it felt like that stumble would
be more embarrassing than someone who's
already fumbling
like if he's committed and then and then
he goes uh
oh crap so i might but he and he would
but he just carried on through it
but i always thought if i committed so
hard to something and i
choked that i would i would never be
able to live that down so i was like
okay it's fine just just
just be just be average just don't like
do don't
don't stick out or don't like fully like
commit to anything and then you won't
fully fail and that's why
i still have that voice uh holds me back
a lot from trying things and
um yeah so one day i hope to like be
able to achieve that or in my mind i
actually
think in my in my head i tell myself
you're not actually capable of that
that's just not who you are you're not
able to like
just let go and fully commit to
something
without i i sense it in um you know
actors
actors who can like completely like i
feel like they're almost like a
different breed like
people who can just like you know like
action and then they can like
commit to a scene so hard i i admire
those people i feel like that is just so
cool that they can do that in front of
so many people and cry
and be vulnerable but like
i i could never like i i just keeps you
from doing that
uh fear of i'm just insecure i think i'm
just like
i of of trying and then someone being
like yeah that's not it
yeah he retried though you know i think
there's that voice
of uh rejection of telling me like you
know if i never try
can't fail in that aspect right so i'm
just oh i just look at actors and
admire them um but not just
i view them as like like yeah like i'm
pretty sure
she was like in drama and all that stuff
i think it comes with a lot of
people who are able to put themselves
out there it's so cool and i i've always
looked up to them
but never have i wanted to dock someone
in my whole life
i want to track down and i don't know if
that's the right term
i do i'm so curious what this guy's up
to now
i know okay so
so foosley i i think um for better or
for worse i i think i have some guidance
for you
okay
so i think it's beautiful that you
shared that little anecdote at the
beginning about falling asleep
because you know the funny thing about
falling asleep is that the harder you
try the harder it becomes
yes and and i think that's a beautiful
parallel for like just
you so there's some like weird kind of
like psychological stuff going on so i
think part of your hesitation to commit
is because there's a part of you that
still feels so
what i what i'm guessing foosley and
this is you know i don't really know
it's just something for you to think
about
so i tend to offer people hypotheses as
opposed to conclusions but i make them
sound like conclusions really you
who decides so what i'm getting the
sense is that like
there's private school leslie who's
buried
underneath public school leslie who's
buried underneath you
and so the problem is that like the
foosley of today can't ever commit
because you don't
know whether private school leslie or
public school leslie
you don't know like who you are like
which one of those is the real you
and the reason you can't commit is
because like because now you've built up
this kind of shell right like where
you're like private school leslie like
you're successful you're engaged
you're a streamer you have all these
things to be proud of but underneath
like
is public school i mean is private
school leslie just like lurking like is
that person who couldn't do anything
right and no matter how hard she tried
right because that's the fear is like
you you gave it your best and it just
wasn't enough yeah
and you know i heard you rebelling and i
think it's interesting because when you
we conceptualize things we're like a lot
more
um we think of ourselves as far more
autonomous than we are
so i don't think that you went to your
new school and were like this is an
opportunity for me to reinvent myself i
think it's actually the other way around
where like
you went to a new school you were filled
with anxiety you kind of stumbled into
being one of the smart kids and you're
like oh wait a second
i don't have to be what i was before i
can reinvent myself
but that process of reinvention happens
after like the realization that you're
reinventing itself
comes second not first the reinvention
already happens
so what i'm really hearing from you is
that like you know you're
you can't you can't commit to being who
you
are and you call it insecurity which i
think is a wonderful umbrella term
but what it really is is like i think
you're you know i would venture that
you're maybe afraid
that who you are fundamentally
is not good enough and that's where we
get to the age pressure
because if you don't have faith in
yourself you need a playbook
right like if i trust who i am
i can go up on stage and i can give it
my all and come hell or high water like
it'll
i'll fail magnificently or i'll succeed
gloriously
there's still magnificence and glory in
each one
but if i don't have faith in myself
and i'm not willing to do that then i
need a teleprompter
right like i need a playbook that like
by 23 i gotta do this by this i gotta do
this because like walking my own path
like may not be good enough
because i think this is where we sort of
get into the age pressure which is sort
of
you know you talk about living in the
present and and now we get to something
which is like i think you've learned
that the present is actually a really
painful like it sucks to be the present
yeah right and and you kind of say that
you're kind of talking about and it's
it's definitely a shared experience
where you know
the four years between 14 and 18 are way
longer than the 10 years between 25 and
yes and and so that's a common shared
experience
and so i i think you sort of started to
like
adopt like you started to like become
something right in
in public school and you're like okay
i'm gonna do things right and this is
where the voice comes in
and like the voice is like okay i've to
do a good job i've got to do a good job
i've got to do it the right way i can't
do it
because in public in private school did
you do it the right way or did you do it
your way
my way and how did that work out for you
bad and when you were in public school
did you do it the right way or did you
do it your way
the right way and how did that work out
for you
better yeah good right and so now we see
like the pressure there's a script
because you learned like very early on
that your way is a bad way
and the right way is a good way and and
now it's getting even more confusing
because now you're actually learning
that that's not actually true
that you can do it your way and your way
can do the right way but then there's
like
there's like a like a private school
little
fourth grade leslie who's like why would
you stop being a ush
you you did it you did it you were on
the right track and
even now you can hear the qualification
right you've never become age and i
asked you
in in public school was at the right and
you were like yeah it was decent
there's a step in the right direction
you qualify it you can't really own it
and so there's this part of you that
like wants to be this perfect thing and
like
being you is not that perfect thing but
now you're confused because as you're
mature and stuff like that there's a 28
year old you who's like
i found my person we're gonna get
married when it's like convenient for us
to get married
we're gonna probably have kids i want to
have kids and but it's weird because you
have these like three voices right
there's private school leslie
there's public school leslie and then
there's like the leslie of today
and so you say and now what what you're
noticing is like
actually i'm living way too fast like
this is too much too
fast and this is where you kind of talk
about the industry
and there's like this is this one
opportunity to like go to germany and
meet this person and this is this one
opportunity and this one opportunity let
me live in the present let me live in
the present let me look i have so much
present to live in
oh my god let's live in all the present
let's do it all right now every day
live in the present baby let's go let's
go let's go live in a present oh
yeah right yeah it's like like you're
falling into this really bizarre trap of
like
trying to force yourself to fall asleep
and it's like the more you try to live
in the present
the more fast forward your life becomes
it's like yeah let's take advantage of
this opportunity separation is only
going to happen once
in the present yeah yeah let's go
right so true
and so it like it's it's really
challenging because i think in order
to live in the present now now you know
we get to be wise
you ready for the wisdom yes i'm ready
in order to in order to live in the
present you have to let go of the desire
of living in the present
because it is the desire for living in
the present that has you living in the
future and fast forwarding your life
i'm sorry do i get rid of that desire to
live in the present
you don't get rid of the desire to live
in the present you just don't give in to
it
right so like like i i know it sounds
weird but very practically
you know like i know it sounds weird but
like
so if you go to a conference and you ask
yourself the question
is this me trying to live in the present
and then your answer is going to be yes
because this is a wonderful opportunity
that i can treasure
and i can be in the present if i go to
the conference but that's what you've
always said and then you go to six
conferences and then
life passes you by so oddly enough
you should ask yourself is this me
trying to live in the present and if the
answer is yes don't do it
it's gonna be really difficult i know
it's confusing isn't it
what okay i but then when will i ever
do anything exactly and that's what
living in the present is
right because the present is not about
doing it's about is it's about being
it's not about doing
so like what what you are is a doer
instead of a beer
yeah like doing is about like like even
when you
do something truly in the present you're
not doing it you're becoming it
like like i know this sounds weird but
like you know i i've been working
with some esports professionals recently
and we talk about
becoming one with the game they're not
playing the game anymore
they like become this weird like super
human thing where they're like one with
the game and you'll see it if you like
watch esports where there
there's like one thing where like it
looks like they're hacking
like they their game sense is just out
of this world
and they like predict things it looks
like their reactions like they've got
some sort of weird like
you know like map hacker like you know
some like you know aimbot or something
it's not that they have an aimbot it's
that they know where the enemy is going
to be
yeah and they even like shoot the bullet
before they see them on the screen
and then lo and behold the person shows
up and then you know they get sniped
and it's and isn't that like float flow
state
absolutely so the flow state is not like
and so the more that you try to do
yeah the less you be
and the purest form of doing is actually
being
when you become like one with the object
right like like when i'm not i'm not a
person
anymore like i'm not someone who's doing
something i
am that thing like you become like like
you know an embodiment of like valorant
whatever that is or whatever you know
yeah what what do you think about that
i i actually think that that makes sense
i have like
watched a lot of videos about like the
flow state and like yeah when i
and i've like i want to achieve that and
i know how it feels
to like be in that flow state
uh and like i know i love that feeling
and sometimes it's me even like working
or something i'm like
i just feel like this sense of like i
can't be interrupted because what i'm
doing is i'm just so one with what i'm
doing
my mind is like going and i'm like i
feel like very present in that moment
and i
really love that but i don't know how to
access it regularly yes so we're gonna
get to that
yeah so i'm so perfect so let me ask you
something
when you access the flow state before
you access the flow state did you want
to access the flow state
i think i always want to but i i didn't
uh
look at refresh yes did you try to
access the flow state when you succeed
in accessing the flow state uh
sometimes sometimes sometimes it's like
i put myself in the right minds i clean
my space
i take drink lots of coffee and i like
clear my mind i have everything else
done
around me so i don't have random
distractions and i can like set myself
up but i can't always
guarantee it it's kind of like a it
sometimes is and sometimes there isn't
good so so so so i know it sounds okay
so
let me think about it okay we're going
to talk about flow state and the prac
like the practicalities then we're going
to talk about your life again and this
whole like
stop trying to do so much yeah um and
and that kind of business okay so the
first thing is that so i like sleep
a lot because um and i like this
discussion of the flow state because
like the yogis in india understood this
really really well
so part of the thing is that they they
have so many different they have like as
many words for snow that eskimos do is
like
they have tons of words for
consciousness in states of mind
so what they recognized is that you
can't enter
a state a flow state so flow state is a
state of consciousness
called diana and that's one word for it
anyway
so diane is like a state of mind so it's
kind of like
sleep so can you go to sleep
think thank you how tell me
instruct me in how to sleep close your
eyes
and then you you think i my trick is
that i
think about a very specific memory from
like
fourth or fifth grade and i try to
recall every detail of that story
it's like i'm watching a mini movie of
my life or like yes last night i did
high school
but like every night i pick a night or a
day i think ah
seventh grade and i just go down seventh
grade in my mind
and like what it was like and who i was
talking with or a specific
aim conversation i had with them and as
i think more and more details
so interesting so the way that you sleep
is you start
so sleep is recalling lots of memories
about a particular day in your past
yeah is that what sleep is well no
that sleep is when you're actually
unconscious and then it that
that helps me relax and then but
how do i sleep is recall
sleep because you're telling me that
what you're doing is recall no
recall leads to sleep for me okay so now
we get
good so one is an action one is a doing
the recall is the doing and the sleep is
the happening
there's a doing and there's a happening
there's a doing and there's a being
and the two are different fundamentally
different and so your problem about like
trying to live in the present
is that you're trying to do the being
yeah but the being in the doing are
different
yes right just like you said so you've
figured out a dharma so now we get to
the verb part
so diane or the flow state is a state of
mind it's a noun it's not a verb
you can't do it you can't be in the
present
being and just think about it for a
second b is a beaver
right it's not like an action verb so
you can't be in the present
like it's not something you can do you
can exist in the present
but it's not like an action like i'm not
like uh okay
i'm gonna do a little bit of being right
now you ready
oh man do you see that guy that guy is
an olympic runner man he can run so fast
that guy's a pro gamer he can play so
well dude did you see that guy
look at him being man like oh damn that
guy's like olympic level
pro level being look at him oh
right right damn look at that
oh my god did you see his moves
look at him being there oh my god sick
sick can't do that you can't do the big
the doing being are fundamentally
different things if i am saying like i
am in the present that statement alone
is like now i'm not in the present
sort sorry okay yeah so so so like
i would say that you can still be in the
present
but i'm trying to be in the present
means you're not in the present like the
trying is like the action verb right so
it's like
so so so the focusing technique so this
is what the the
yogi's figured out the same thing you
figured out good job foosley
which is that there is there is a verb
called focus
so this is so what you do is a focusing
technique
you like pick a particular memory and
what you do is you make your mind
one pointed on one thing and so like the
way this works with sleep is that
normally
all these different thoughts interfere
with our ability of sleep
so our mind can't we can't clear our
mind but what the mind is really good at
is letting one thing block out
everything else which is why we love
video games and why they're so [ __ ]
addictive
because like i can play a video game and
it can knock out everything
else so what you start is a focus
a verb and then when you do the dharuna
is as long as you sit with that tarana
for a while
your mind does something really cool
which is a general principle which is
like
it acclimatizes that and and it starts
stops
experiencing it and so what i mean by
that is like if you walk into a room
you'll notice the smell and then within
a few seconds
your brain literally blocks out the
signal of the smell
it acclimatizes to it when i put on this
shirt i feel it
but then within a few seconds i stopped
feeling it so over time when you focus
on one thing
you use that to push all the other
thoughts out of your mind and then when
you sit with that one thing
eventually your mind will get used to it
and then it's gone
and then you are in a no-mind state
that's when you
fall asleep when you acclimatize to it
yeah okay so and also you figured out
like just like the flow state like it's
weird that you talk about these weird
things like you clean your room before
it flow safe how on earth does that work
so once again there's a sanskrit word
for that
means cleansing and so what people
figured out is that an important part of
meditation practice
is people who clean their room enter the
state of dion more easily than people
who do not
and it's just something about that like
the rote mechanical
like putting things in order there's
some kind of like if you really think
about it like cleaning
is like not a mentally activating
activity
it is like a mentally like calming
activity right so like your mind is like
focused on this little menial task
you can't really think about other stuff
so cleaning is actually a really
powerful form
of almost like daruna because you know i
can't really
you know my mind if i'm sitting there
i'll get bored and my mind can wander it
can think about all kinds of things
anxieties and whatnot when i'm cleaning
it's like it requires just enough brain
power
so that i can't be anxious at the same
time yeah
yes when i'm stressed i clean when i do
like when anything is bothering me
i look around my room and i just start
picking things up and it immediately
alleviates it as things are getting
clean yeah so it's weird but like you
figured this stuff out which is
fantastic so yeah so that should be
and so like there are other things that
you can do to prime yourself to be
kind of in the present so i'm gonna have
to think a little bit about you know
i'll teach you a formal practice to try
to get you into the flow state in a few
minutes i just have to think about what
that is and where you are
but now i want to talk a little bit
about living in the present so i want to
go back to this idea of like you know if
you
tell yourself in order to live in the
present i must go do this
how do you feel about not doing those
things
sad because it's like in my mind that's
what life is kind of all about it's like
to go make those connections that to
those people that you met
or to like i don't know that's just and
go travel see other parts of the world
and me staying in my room or at my house
is like more of the same so time if
anything in my mind will pass quicker
because it's the same
it's like routine so my brain will just
mesh all those days together but if i
get up
go somewhere and you know talk to all
these people meet all these people
um it it's like yeah that that's
in my mind that's gonna if anything slow
things down
um yeah so so that makes a lot of sense
so let me add a couple of like nuances
or caveats here so the first is that
if you're not going to a conference and
you maintain your same routine at home
it's not going to work at all so the
goal
is for you to like not do your home
routine
at home which i know sounds weird
um but then then you may actually have
to leave so like i'm not saying don't go
somewhere because it could be a good
idea to leave but what i want you to be
careful about
is going somewhere with the intention
of getting the most juice out of life
yeah because it is that juice it is that
desire
of getting the most out of something it
is that hunger from the flow state
which prevents you from getting into the
flow state to begin with
right so like i think you can go
somewhere by all means
like go somewhere peaceful but don't try
to be in the present just go there just
to
hang out don't try to accomplish
anything because flow states are not
about accomplishing and in fact
the harder you try to accomplish the
further away the flow state becomes
the flow state is about letting go sleep
is about letting go
the harder you tell yourself oh my god i
need to fall asleep i need to fall
asleep right now i'm gonna be so tired
tomorrow i'm gonna be so tired tomorrow
let's go oh let's go baby olympic
sleeper let's go
oh yeah let's go
let's go son that's me right
yeah and so the more that your mind is
doing that like
the less in the present you're going to
be because your mind is like let's go
fast forward baby like six conferences
in one year like
two is for scrubs yeah
private school leslie like we're like
we're like hey you should do
ten every week he shows up and he goes
to every one of those conferences
and he performs like it was his last day
on earth so we're gonna go to this
conference it's gonna be a last
conference on earth we're gonna form
connections we have deep conversations
let's go that's me yeah that's exactly
how it feels it's like okay like
this one's over now on to the next one
at that one i'm gonna schedule all these
times to meet all these people
i'm gonna boom boom boom boom boom and
then it goes like that and i'm like wow
where did that go yeah absolutely right
so so if we think about it you know this
the speed of your thoughts is going to
correlate with like something about your
experience of time
and there you are whipping yourself to
get like the most out of this experience
that the experience
whooshes right by you and so in order to
slow down you have to like
stop trying to slow like get so much out
of life you know it's sort of like
okay like let's go to this conference
and just see how it goes like
maybe i'll i'll hang out with some
people like that's cool
i love that but how do i do that like i
ah you love the idea of it so
so this is how you do it see your
problem is the question that you just
asked
because you're like how do i do that
there it is again there's your mind
do it let's go like how do i like yeah
like tell me
tell me how do i be in an olympic level
yeah that's what i want
yeah let's go sorry
there you are again you see yeah yeah
i'm all about
efficiency in life yeah and like yeah
like
i when i buy things that's like best
reviewed things
sit with this foosley you don't
you don't do what i'm telling you to do
you can't do it
how does that feel
and if i can't do it then
and then it's impossible he said i can't
do it so
so if i can't do it then then i might as
well
keep going keep going it's new territory
for you so it's going to
you're saying i can't i i can't
uh like what can't i do
like be present i can't be present it's
just not possible for me to remember
yep it's just impossible so then what
does your mind do
well go back to the conventions and
just go back to how it was if i can't
achieve the other one
yep yeah and in doing so you will be one
step closer to being present
just by acknowledging or see because
it's
it's it's kind of like saying like ah
[ __ ] it this night is ruined
i'm i'm not gonna be able to fall asleep
and then it disarms the anxiety and you
pass out
yeah that's very true once i give up
and snap my eyes open i'm like eh yeah
yeah so so like so being in the present
is about
letting go now you understand what
letting go is
because when once you take that burden
away from yourself
that you don't have to be a ush you
don't have to make the most of it are
you going to go to the conference
absolutely but you know what you're not
going to be able to be present
because you just suck at that all right
so let's just
go and let's just like let's at least
have a good time like
sure it's gonna pass me by i'm gonna
feel exhausted at the end of it i'm
gonna have to go back to streaming
i'm gonna regret it in a couple of days
and i'm gonna have all these like
choice memories to hang on to and at
least i'll have made the most of it
but i'm not gonna be present it's gonna
actually be kind of crappy it'll be like
sort of fun but it'll be like exhausting
it's just like it is what it is let's
just go for it
and then boom you'll be present
but you can't trick yourself into doing
that because you can't say oh oh oh this
is how i'd be present i pretend that i'm
not going for the presents
oh oh oh let's pretend i'm gonna
beat that and uh the no no you can't
trick yourself you really have to just
you can't do it yeah yeah
this i had like um so twitchcon
um is it i don't know if you've been to
oh i probably haven't been to twitchcon
but twitchcon is like this
convention that like you know you go and
it's like a very hyped up event because
it's like the one time of year
i'm gonna be at a place and all the
people who watch me are my friends or
whatever
they know where to find me like this is
that one place and they find each other
it's like this super hype weekend
everybody gets to meet each other and
it's like in my mind this is the one
weekend i need to be
like there i need to be like
as much yes anyways i do this meet up at
the end of it
and i remember there in my mind there
was so much pressure leading up to that
and me and edison actually got into a
fight like
right before it to the point where like
i was like we're arguing and i'm like
please can we make this argument end
right now because i need to go
to this meetup and i need to be in a
good mood like i can't be
crying and i was so mad at this time
that
was like that was like okay three
o'clock you need to be at this park
and you need to be happy you need to be
ready to meet people and it's like
two what 2 15 and i'm crying in a hotel
room and me and edison are like
sitting there like and he's like i don't
want you i want you to be happy but like
we need to resolve this and i'm like can
we resolve it later it's just so i
remember being so frustrated
because like i just needed to be in the
best mood and
ready to be like and it was anyways i
always come back to that when i think of
time
convention pressure and like needing to
be
yeah so i don't know that's just so
here's what i'm hearing i gotta be happy
let's go [ __ ] happy time good moon
yeah what the hell is wrong with you why
can't you be happy right now
come on yep be happy
right that's what i like that's the best
i don't have the language
there's no word yeah
like that is not being in the present
yeah i know
what i'm hearing is accept those moments
where you're not like that like edison
right it sounds like you just met a dude
and he's dope
it's like oh my god he proposed to me he
rented out the entire symphony hall
and there was a 64-piece orchestra it
was so great we had an instagram
photographer who took care of everything
no he he proposed to you with
chipotle bag yeah
at the end of a marathon stream where he
was like mentally fatigued
that's your life and it's perfect
the way it is you don't need to have the
script yeah
right and so in terms of twitchcon by
all means be on on twitchcon but what's
happening the other 51 weekends of the
year
uh i'm working usually streaming
okay so like i will allow you
and it sounds so controlling but i will
allow you
to be bent out of shape for twitchcon
let that go you can't you can't be
present during twitchcon don't worry
about it don't try to be present
too much pressure too important too
professional
too important for your career fine so
let that what about the other 51
weekends
you know well well there's another
twitchcon in europe that happened so
that twitchcon as well ah
oh okay so that's two out of 52.
what about the other 50 then okay
there's lacks okay well uh
okay fine right so like like so there's
like six or eight
and sure so like that's where you gotta
all really think about do you need to go
to all these why do you need to go to
all these because ah
okay you know how you just described
that as how my weeks are
like i have an empty week on my calendar
and it'll be like monday tuesday
wednesday thursday friday saturday
sunday right
and i have empty bubbles for it and then
my weeks
all slowly fill up as people say hey can
you do this sponsor
hey can you do this call at this time
for that sponsor hey do you want to play
this game on this day
hey and my brain is like yep yep yep
sounds good okay oh excited cool my
week's filling out doom
doom so i slowly start typing it at all
and then my week starts going like it
looks
i'm like whoa and i read that out and
then people are like you need to slow
down yeah yep so so that's where the key
thing there
is when you get that phone call what
happens in your mind
can you do this it says well
okay well yes so for me it's like of
course i can do that
i want to do that because uh if it's a
sponsor it's like well
it goes back to well here's x amount of
dollars
and i'm not going to be able to make x
amount of dollars when i'm 35
because i'm not gonna have a job in my
mind because that you know
back to where i thought so now i must
work now so
yes i will take that and the call i have
to take that because that goes along
with the sponsor
uh you know and then my friends asked me
to play a game well of course i'm gonna
play the game because
i knock two things out at once i get to
hang out with my friends and work
so and content double which you know so
of course
so it starts to fill out like that and
then everything is like i can always
reason it back to of course yes
yes must yes yep so so good so
the couple random questions are you
afraid of death
do you i always think death a lot all
the time
twice a day twice a day yeah okay
yeah you sound something to me like
someone who's afraid of death um
so so um wait what does that mean
you sound to me like someone who's
afraid of death
like i mean everyone's a little bit
afraid of death but this sounds to me
like someone who like thinks about it
twice a day
yeah okay um so so because it's kind of
like this idea that like
you know once you're gone you can't have
anything with anyone so there's a
certain like desperation
to like living life it's like you've got
to live as much life as you can before
it's too late
so oddly enough you know one thing that
you can do is work on your fear of death
and as you get
more comfortable with that a lot of the
stuff will actually melt away
um it's weird but there's a there's an
interesting book called the tibetan book
of living and dying and
and there's a there's there's a
particular sect of monks who sort of
think that
all of our fears and attachments come
from a fear of death hasn't been really
my experience i think
you know some of our attachments come
from
you know seeing ayush every week uh but
yeah you know but but i i think so sorry
for
i just wanted to check that box or try
to see if this kind of makes sense but
um kind of coming back to what to do so
i want you to notice that in that chain
there's one really important thing which
is like when i'm
35 this opportunity won't be available
yeah and in a sense that could be true
but like why is that a problem
um because then you know in my mind i'm
my work i always think
uh protect yourself from the worst case
scenario so
you know when a time when like cancel
culture is very real
um and i've seen like a lot of my peers
just like
lose their jobs and stuff i kind of like
don't know what i do
without my job right now or like i'm not
sure how to handle it so i kind of want
to like
cushion myself for like that time when
i'm unemployed
so that's why so foosley i think this
this gets tricky i think it's probably
beyond the scope of what we can cover
because this is a whole thing that we do
with like creators as a whole like in
our i don't know if you know this but we
have like a creator coaching program
so there's like you know we talk about
you know like cancel
ptsd and and things like that but um
we just this is where i think there's a
balance between being like
calculated and acknowledging that this
opportunity may not last forever and
also
recognizing that there is the truth
of that and then there is the fear of
that
right and be really careful about which
one is dictating your actions
because i suspect that strategizing for
it
and being afraid of it that you're
actually like a little bit heavier on
the fear end of the spectrum
so that's what's causing you to like
take too many opportunities
yeah and what we actually find is that
like when people start to really
acknowledge this
that actually their performance actually
improves
right so it's kind of weird but like we
had a call
in from an investment banker a couple
like a week ago
monday maybe and and it's i've worked
with a lot of investment bankers and
they're so
anxious about doing a good job that they
do a bad job
you know absolutely right because it's
like i'm trying so hard it's like
uh gotta be calm gotta be relaxed gotta
sound good like gotta be in a good mood
gotta crack jokes gotta be impressive
gotta do all of it and then like the
more you
uh it like the worse you do
and so what actually happens is like
like what i have to train them in
is like learning how to let go of doing
a good job
right and the more you let go of doing a
good job like sure you have to account
you can't like
show up on twitch and like you know drop
n bombs or like say like really like of
course you're going to get cancelled
but like the strategic thinking around
avoiding getting cancelled
and the fear of getting canceled
controlling your decisions
and like letting that desperation drive
you is not going to lead to like
contentment happiness and living in the
present it's going to lead to the rat
race
rat race like
it's gonna read lead to this idea of
like you know constantly on the move
always got to be grinding fast forward
yeah that's me right
and so yeah i mean i think you just
really got to be careful about that
decision-making process and like ask
yourself
when am i giving in to fear like is this
decision
strategic or fearful and there's always
going to be a good reason
to take those calls right and so just
think a little bit about like try to
block off one time where there's like no
stuff during that time
and then you're going to want to move it
around and someone's going to be like
can you do this and they're like yeah oh
i can do that yeah absolutely
and then just be aware like no this is
my time and you're gonna have to do
things that can are gonna feel stupid to
you
like it's gonna feel dumb like i'm gonna
miss out on this opportunity yeah
you're gonna miss out on the opportunity
absolutely that's the point you need to
learn how to miss out on opportunities
yeah and then you'll be able to be in
the present
and during that time of nothingness like
is there something i should do god
that's a terrible question
you're learning you see
you see you see how like how calcified
it is
yeah it's my first thought like what do
i do during that time
of nothing um yeah
dr k how can i make the how can i make
the most productive use of my
nothingness time
how do i be the most efficient is there
a practice can i meditate a particular
way yes yes
so notice the absurdity of it right it's
like what
how do i have the most fun during my
relaxation time
yes ah it's ingrained it is
absolutely right so that's how our mind
works it's ingrained
the good news is that every time you
notice it foosley it gets less ingrained
yeah so noticing actually chips away at
it and then i will give you a practice
so let me just think about that unless
you have other questions
no that was very helpful like that just
that
yeah yeah good
right so so like here's the cool thing
is that
when you made that realization you
weren't
oh right you were like
lol that's what it is
it's like it's like a realization that's
actually calm the harder you try like
you weren't actually paying attention
you caught it you didn't hunt it does
that make sense
at that moment and so that's what
happens those moments of realization are
not
hunted they're discovered and there's a
big difference one is doing one is being
i'm just scared that like i mean i have
to cut like it's very easy for me to
fall back into that like i need
sure you in my head to remind me
you know yeah yeah so so this is where
foosley no you don't
you don't need me because it's okay to
fall back into it
that's you see how like it's okay to
fall like you're gonna fall
so be it you don't need to be perfect
that's like a slightly different thing
but it's kind of the same thing where
you don't need me you're fine just the
way you are
you caught it like i didn't point it out
to you you caught it yourself
have faith right you'll catch it
true okay so meditation
okay so i'm gonna teach you a technique
that is a little bit
um has two parts so one part i'm happy
to teach
um today and then if you do this
technique for some amount of time and we
do meet at a convention i will teach you
part two but part two really shouldn't
be talked publicly
it's not like shady or anything but um
it you know other humans can be in the
room it's not
but but it is it is something that's
like a little bit more
so there are some cases of
meditation-induced psychosis
and meditation is not without risks so
this is a technique
that like sometimes like needs to be
taught like when people are ready for it
so i won't like teach it publicly
oh okay it does it doesn't have to be
like late at night or like other humans
can be in the room i just don't want to
teach it on stream or even i can teach
you privately in a call
in a video call um but there's sort of a
phase one and there's a phase two okay
because phase two is like really intense
um but phase one is gonna be uh a
technique called thrataka which i think
would be a good fit for you so trotaka's
fixed point gazing
so here are the reasons that i think
it'll be good for you first is that
technically it's a should be technique
it's a cleansing technique even though
we teach it as meditation
what it actually does is sort of cleanse
your mind that's the mechanism through
which it works
antarctica is fixed point gazing so what
we're going to do is teach you to stare
at like one point and like just stare at
it without closing your eyes
and then the reason the long-term reason
i'm sort of picking this a couple of
other things from a temperamental
standpoint
one is that it sounds like you're
actually good at focusing your attention
like you practice you practice this
sounds like every night before you go to
bed
so this is going to be practicing your
attention in a slightly different way
it's a hard technique to teach people
like usually for introductions i'll
teach like breathing stuff because
breathing is easy
it's a little bit more hardcore it's a
little bit more okay
which you're so good at and the second
thing is the second phase of this
technique
will start to help you work on that fear
of death
okay so that's why i want to kind of
teach you this so what i'm gonna do
is pull something up okay
okay sorry for you know if i was
creeping you out with all the has to be
taught in private no
no i i didn't think it was i just was
like what what could be
yet to go like i don't know i just i was
just
yeah not creeped out
let me ask you something um
what do you want in your life i know
it's kind of a broad question
what do you want i want
um
like can i just list off a bunch of
things that i want yes go for it
happiness my parents happiness
to make an impact meaningful connections
to people
um to
be present and yeah and
um to be secure
in like financially but also just myself
to accept myself um
if i had to give you a choice between
power wisdom and happiness which one
would you pick
happiness okay
perfect
alright so this is what we're gonna do
i'm going to show you i'm going to
screen share something with you okay
uh how am i going to do this we're going
to do see if this works
nope so we're not gonna see your
yeah we'll just stick with this one okay
so then what i'm gonna do
we're gonna move this over here
so and then
share can you see this
yes okay
so this is what i want you to do so what
we're going to do is
look at um
so i want you to i'm going to ask you to
focus your eyes on the red dot in the
center
do you see the red dot in the center yep
okay
so i'll explain the practice first so
what we're going to do is try to look at
the red dot in the center without
blinking
and then what i'm going to have you do
is rotate your attention to different
things
so i'll ask you like what colors you see
in particular places but i don't want
you to change where your eyes are
looking
i want you to keep your eyes focused on
the red dot but then kind of answer my
questions
okay okay so a couple of things about
thratika so
you know there's going to be a little
bit of a strain on the eyes if it starts
to get like really unbearable you can go
ahead and close them
but we're gonna do our best not to blink
and not to close our eyes
okay we're gonna try to not blink for
about 60 seconds to begin with
you may end up blinking which is okay
you can do a quick blink and then open
them again and then keep looking
okay okay so start by closing your eyes
sitting up straight and take a deep
breath
and another
just take a moment just keep breathing
deeply take a moment to just sort of
notice
that the conversation has been pretty
animated
we've talked about a lot of stuff maybe
there's a lot to think about
whatever notice just all those kind of
thoughts
all these desires goals whatever just
kind of notice the energy of the
conversation
and that now we're going to kind of
recalibrate and just for
a few moments we're going to be
completely encompassed by our practice
and that the stream and the rest of the
world will kind of continue
onward outside of our bubble but that
for a few moments like 60 seconds 90
seconds
maybe two or three minutes we're just
going to try to be at this inside this
bubble
and now when you're ready open your eyes
and then stare at the red dot
are you looking yes so now what i want
you to do
is tell me while you're staring at the
red dot what is the outermost color
of the image um
yellow okay and what is the next color
inside the yellow green
and then inside that
yellow and inside that
blue and inside that
um yellow okay so now what i want you to
do is go
all the way look at each color put your
attention on each color on your own just
like i'm asking you
and notice the color and then move in
and move in
and move in at your own pace and try to
keep
all of your kind of like keep your eyes
focused on the dot and let your
concentration collapse inward towards
the dot
one layer at a time
this is very difficult yes it is so move
at your own pace it's okay
[Music]
it's really hard i can't do this so so
then go
close okay closer to the screen no no no
no just look at the red dot
just okay put all of your attention now
on the red dot
okay okay just stare at the red dot
and then look at the color that is
closest to the red dot what do you see
yellow
and what's the color outside of that
green
and then black and then
red and then
blue now go back in
um red
black
green
yellow red and now let yourself just
rest on the red
just focus fully drive your attention
towards it
focus on it do your best not to blink
we're gonna try to go for 10 more
seconds
and now close your eyes
and what i want you to do is notice the
after image
do you see the after image yes
just look at it
just let yourself see what's there
let your breathing relax
and we'll just meditate silently and you
can just focus on the image for about
another minute
yes
you may start to notice it kind of
fading away no problem
let it go
see if you can find it
if you can't focus on your breathing
it's not so much about finding or
holding as it is waiting for it to
appear foreign
and now we're going to take three deep
breaths
breathe in for three seconds
and out for three seconds
in for three and out for five
and in for three and out for seven
nice slow exhalation
as you finish your breath put your palms
together in front of you
rub them together
and then cup your hands your palms over
your eyes
and while your palms are over your eyes
go ahead and open
and then let your hands come down
how are you feeling
yeah that was hard
that was hard um i wasn't sure what to
expect from that
the picture so i thought
in the beginning i thought that i didn't
like it the colors all start to
turn to gray so i was like oh oh like i
thought well in my mind i
have it's like my eyes i was wondering
if there's something wrong with my eyes
so i was like trying to blink to clear
it but
it would work but i realized after i
realized that
i'm sort of supposed to struggle there
um
then i was able to let that go
and focus more um after closing my eyes
the the image was very vivid and i could
point out every color backwards
um or like they weren't the same colors
but i could point out the negatives i
suppose and then um
like clear as day and then as i
struggled to see it more it would fade
and when i'd relax it would show up
again
and so it was kind of like the more i
wanted it the less i could have it
and then if i just yeah
perfect so this is a technique
to train you to learn how to find what
you're looking for
by not looking right
so do this technique
and like yeah that's what we're looking
for
right because you'll begin like
literally your brain will learn
how to like let go and like let things
come
right and the last thing i'll leave you
with foosley
you are where you are because of your
hard work
but you're really where you are because
you let
things come
right like i don't know if you went out
and hunted for edison
you know but not at all
you let him come oh god
i wasn't thinking like i wasn't thinking
like that no i didn't know it's like
it's like that you like you know
you can't like as i was doing the yoga
talk i was doing the yoga talk you can't
blame me for it
it's the natural thing to say yes it is
it is no and i was thinking about it
that way that i was
thinking about it in the other way and
then and then i would guess
yeah no but really right like i mean
like you
like you allow things to
i can't i can't yes you know what i mean
yes yes it is
i went i didn't go looking for him at
all right stumble that's a good word
yes right like so you just let him
stumble into your life
and like that's you like like life is
like just let it stumble into you you
know
you don't need to go looking for it so
hard
fantastic so do this practice i'd say
you know start with 60 seconds you can
work your way up to like three minutes
five minutes
if you want an alternative you can also
look at a candle flame
and and if you look at a candle flame
like what you can do is like
you know you can just see the colors in
the room and then work your way in
and so oddly enough really foosley it's
not about
getting it right like that's the other
thing that you can learn to let go of
just like you did like
know what you know it's not great
there's no grades
what you're really practicing is just
the struggle of attention and then
letting go
right so it's not actually about the
colors
is are you gonna send the photo yeah
i'll i'll send you
it's it's called the sri anthro but yes
i will send you a photo
i will send you a photo so other thing
is i would recommend that you print it
out
or you can like order them on amazon or
something so ideally you're not looking
at a screen because that does all kinds
of other things to your brain but i'll
i will send you the photo okay okay okay
yes
thank you very much thank you that was
oh that was amazing
i'm like i'm like thinking so much about
things and
and uh and i didn't even i like the
direction it took
um because yeah because those are things
that i think on a
every single day basis i struggle with
like just fine like just trying to
squeeze the juice
out of out of life at every moment and
i'm always like how can i be the most
efficient do this do this do this and
chasing that and like and all that so
that was great
so fantastic thank you for your time
thank you for
yeah it was great to meet you and and
yeah
thank you thanks bye bye
okay chat then who are we rating
dragon deez nuts bend over these nuts